they must be holed up somewhere else
don't get killed up there thanks Bill
we're okay we just need to get to the
hood of the truck
what happened here your fellow hires do
this cute and know my money's on the
military why would they mow down all
these people I came late everyone in
they killed them
dead people don't get infected he
sacrificed a few to save the many it's
kind of shitty yeah
barely get down did you learn to shoot
be sure you add an entire flocking you
hit nothing I'm about to hit you Wow
yeah you're really upset well if you
want some lessons you know more than
willing to help you out yeah whatever
where the hell are those guys they're
supposed to be here they're on the
highway shift wouldn't be surprised if I
cut another batch of tourists about the
gold mine looking faster if there's
anything you can forage while we wait
for him ain't nothing here keep going
screw this
go see what those assholes are up here
they pulled this crap every time I swear
to God if they are holding out on us
again yeah
and you'll be what you'll see